I spend and I am going to ask a few questions ismael ice dropped
it is the question
why a ran counter a bit
Yes why
but just because I no longer saw PSV and Pastor nothing else
so well away
nice memories counts two not snap
no but away from home away from my suspicion
and the training field some of the voices no I don't like it
many unfortunate that you no longer play chips
yes that's for sure
take that with every soccer player
nice to be ajax champion again this year to see south sudan
play
now I am going to piss at psv
the derived mac anp
he cannot enforce it
but precisely in that line 11
of course we can do that too
after the homes michael
live in Amsterdam and I live in Utrecht and I just stay there I just go
to the premiere in Amsterdam
if you are unlucky
If you had a PSV you would have the score
yes of course not me but now an ajaxied
do you like to make barking work
yes it
that has been a great soccer player and
I am looking forward to my together with Marco van Bast but also with Dennis
mountain camp to work together
take it to bed afterwards in the evening
around half past eleven from the room
I miss
usually sleep before noon
in the competition
after the match
11 hours after the camera
that last question
as justice
they then do not fill malakal of a national football ban forty total
year
I don't know yet, I'm not sure yet
the project to artists
during interviews with Manuel Barroso
brielle